Docs: Update trace to logs docs (#61099)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/jaeger/_index.md

The **Trace to logs** setting configures the [trace to logs feature]({{< relref "../../explore/trace-integration" >}}) that is available when you integrate Grafana with Jaeger.

**To configure trace to logs:**

1. Select the target data source.
2. Select which tags to use in the logs query. The tags you configure must be present in the spans attributes or resources for a trace to logs span link to appear.
   - **Single tag**
     - Configuring `job` as a tag and clicking on a span link will take you to your configured logs datasource with the query `{job='value from clicked span'}`.
   - **Multiple tags**
     - If multiple tags are used they will be concatenated so the logs query would look like `{job='value from clicked span', service='value from clicked span'}`.
   - **Mapped tags**
     - For a mapped tag `service.name` with value `service`, clicking on a span link will take you to your configured logs datasource with the query `{service='value from clicked span'}` instead of `{service.name='value from clicked span'}`.
     - This is useful for instances where your tracing datasource tags and your logs datasource tags don't match one-to-one.

> | Name                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: @joey-grafana , what is this table, and how does it relate to the steps in this task? What are users supposed to do with this information?

Author: This table describes the different ways tags can be added, making it easier for users to see the options. Before they were just shown in the UI rather than explained in the docs.

### Configure trace to logs

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/explore/traces-to-logs-settings-8-2.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" caption="Screenshot of the trace to logs settings" >}}

> **Note:** Available in Grafana v7.4 and higher.

> The **Trace to logs** setting configures the [trace to logs feature]({{< relref "../../explore/trace-integration" >}}) available when integrating Grafana with Tempo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Trace to logs** setting configures the [trace to logs feature]({{< relref "../../explore/trace-integration" >}}) that is available when you integrate Grafana with Tempo.
```

**To configure trace to logs:**

1. Select the target data source.
2. Select which tags to use in the logs query.

The tags you configure must be present in the spans attributes or resources for a trace to logs span link to appear.

**Single tag**

Configuring `job` as a tag and clicking on a span link will take you to your configured logs datasource with the query `{job='value from clicked span'}`.

**Multiple tags**

If multiple tags are used they will be concatenated so the logs query would look like `{job='value from clicked span', service='value from clicked span'}`.

**Mapped tags**

For a mapped tag `service.name` with value `service`, clicking on a span link will take you to your configured logs datasource with the query `{service='value from clicked span'}` instead of `{service.name='value from clicked span'}`.

> This is useful for instances where your tracing datasource tags and your logs datasource tags don't match 1:1.

Reviewer: @joey-grafana I'm curious about this content. Are these three options that a user can select in Step 2?

Author: Yes, they are! I've update this to a nicer format. 

![Screenshot 2023-01-10 at 10 42 33](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90795735/211530650-6a5625ea-56cc-4036-89da-b52057b9fe6c.png)
